Turbo-C - Copyright (c) 1987 Borland Intl.
Null pointer assignment
Divide error
Abnormal program termination
REFLEX (C) Ver 1.2.3
more than the mind can handle!
Copyright 1988 by 3F Productions
   Functions Menu
Display Instructions
 Keyboard Explained
 Calibrate Joystick
 View The Top Forty
  To Use Joystick
  To Use Keyboard
     Play Reflex
  Exit The Program
SCORE          LEVEL       FORCEFIELD       WORMS              Ctrl-Alt to Quit
?gfffff
@reflex.ega
Can't locate Shape File: Reflex.EGA
reflex.joy
  GAME OVER!
                   Joystick Calibration
  Push the joystick to TOP   and press the joystick button
  Pull the joystick to DOWN  and press the joystick button
  Push the joystick to LEFT  and press the joystick button
  Pull the joystick to RIGHT and press the joystick button
Release the joystick to center and press the joystick button
How to Use the Keyboard to Play Reflex
        To move your Worm use the numeric keypad with the NUM LOCK ON
Like so:
  '7'
  '8'
  '9'
  UP
  UP
  UP
 LEFT
 RIGHT
  '4'
  '6'
  '1'
  '2'
  '3'
 DOWN
 DOWN
 DOWN
The Right Shift key activates the Forcefield & the Left Shift key is the Pause.
Reflex Instructions & Explainations
 Reflex is an Arcade game using joystick or keyboard. The object of the game is
to obtain as many points as possible before exhausting all of your WORMs. You
can manuever your WORM horizontally, vertically & Diagonally. It is permissable
to travel off the edges of the playing field.
 Once the game begins your WORM will begin travel in the direction you select.
If you don't select a direction the WORM will continue in its present direction
As the WORM moves it leaves behind a WORM trail. As the game progresses objects
appear on the screen. Running into them cause effects that will be explained on
the following page. One vertical strip of the board is the SAFELANE. No objects
fall in the SAFELANE.
 The game board can be imagined as a stack of screens. Each screen is a LEVEL.
It is possible to go down LEVELs. The lower the LEVEL the faster the objects
appear and the greater the scores obtained.
 At LEVEL 1 the SAFELANE is on right most lane. At LEVEL 30 the SAFELANE begins
to move to the left. At level 35, it begins to move to random locations. After
LEVEL 50 play returns to the way it was at LEVEL 1, only faster.
                           Explaining the Status Line
SCORE:0000000    LEVEL:000    FORCEFIELD:00    WORMS:00        Ctrl-Alt to Quit
SCORE is the total points you have acquired at this point in this game.
LEVEL is the current LEVEL that your worm has decended to.
FORCEFIELD is the number of turns in which you could use your forcefield.
WORMS is the number of worms you have left before the end of the game.
To Cancel the game in progress hold down the control & Alt Keys simultaneously.
                          Defining Forcefield & Pause
The Forcefield is activated by pressing the first joystick button. The force-
    field allows the WORM to pass through an object without experiencing the
    effects. One forcefield is earned each time you decend a level until a max-
    imum of 10 forcefields is reached.
The PAUSE is activated by pressing the second joystick button. A PAUSE freezes
    all action for 3 seconds. There is only one pause per level.
Press Any Key to Continue
                   Defining Objects: Their Names and Effects
Object Name  Effect                 Object Name      Effect
Worm Head:   This is you
Worm Trail:  Death of Worm
Clear Trail: No effect
Empty Space: No effect
Pigman:      Death of Worm
Transport:   Down one Level
Palmtree:    100 - 1000 points
Down Arrow:  Deevolves objects
 Transport becomes Pigman, etc.
Martini:         Turns on Hunger mode.
   Gobble up objects for fun and profit
Extraman:        Gain one Worm
Demon:           Death of 0 - 3 Worms
Super Transport: Drop 6 levels
Sunny Island:    Turns Worm Trail into
   Barren Areas
Cross:           Erase a cross across
   the screen, including Barren Areas.
Pre Barren Area: Kill one you've killed
   them all
Barren Area:     Death of Worm, even
   in Hunger Mode. Also Doesn't Erase
reflex.t40
%20s%3d%7lu
Vacant
                  Reflex's All Time Greatest Top Forty Scores
        SCORE LVL  PLAYER'S NAME                SCORE LVL  PLAYER'S NAME
%2d- %7lu %3d
Press Any Key when Finished
PRESENTS
REFLEX
This program is Shareware
(NOT Freeware)
, see ending screen for details
All Rights Reserved By 3F Productions,
3141 W. Palmer Blvd, Suite 3
Chicago, Illnois  60647
We hope you have enjoyed this game
  REFLEX is distributed on a shareware basis. Try this game out, if you like
it please send us $15. This fee makes you a registered Reflex user. Also if
be you send a floppy disk with your check you will recieve a silly program
that allows you to modify the shapes in reflex to whatever forms you like.
And you will be placed on our mailing list.
  Your contributions encourage us to continue to produce programs and expand
to new machines, as we have just done with the IBM compatables.
  Please make checks or money orders out to: 3F Productions
  And send it to:   3F Productions
                    3141 W. Palmer Blvd. Suite 3
                    Chicago, Illnois  60647
  If you do not like the game, simply erase it from your disk
  3F Productions reserves all rights to Reflex, including object code, source
code and concept. However we grant the right to make unlimited copies of this
program and it's data files and to distribute them to other people, as long as
no charge is performed for this service. People recieving copies are NOT auto-
matically registered users.
  If you have any suggestions or criticisms, please send them to the above
address or leave a message on Compuserve, ID# 71540, 2114
  We can't serve you better, if we don't hear from you.
89:;<=>?
EGAVGA
IBM8514
PC3270
No error
(BGI) graphics not installed
Graphics hardware not detected
Device driver file not found (
Invalid device driver file (
Not enough memory to load driver
Out of memory in scan fill
Out of memory in flood fill
Font file not found (
Not enough memory to load font
Invalid graphics mode for selected driver
Graphics error
Graphics I/O error
Invalid font file (
Invalid font number
Invalid device number
Graphics error (
BGI Error: not in graphics mode
BGI Error: graphics not initialized (use 'initgraph')
Floating point error:
Domain.
Singularity (or div by zero).
Overflow.
Underflow.
Total loss of precision.
Partial loss of precision.
QCpow10
!!!'!DOMAIN
OVERFLOW
UNDERFLOW
%s: %s error
COMPAQ
         !!!!!
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
@@@@@@@
@@@@@@
printf : floating point formats not linked
scanf : floating point formats not linked
(null)
0123456789ABCDEF
